DOING
	Add command hotword, and change this for dev->release instances
	Get land claim blocks read in properly
	Make land claim blocks the teleport areas
		Shareable?
			If so, they need a maturation time
				and a limit to how many
				With a way to build them, or summon(for start?)
	Add permission setting automatically (for appropriate keywords)
		NO!, just use the denied commands!
	Remove current blink and replace later with fixed version and different instances
	More modules! Need everything compartmentalized and streamy?
	Add server restart
		Save world
		Shutdown
	Add a getPlayer or similar command for the triggers
	Add a sendPlayerMessage or similar command for the triggers
	Add AFK



NEW COMMANDS AND STUFFS
	Can now specifiy quality of items to give
		Still dropped by player?
	Can do buffing and debuffing and create buffs...
	Can see inventory, and belts
	Can teleport relative
	Can spawn on ground (-1)
	Can set game prefs
		Freeze zombs
		Start/Stop run
		Easier/Difficult
		Time
	Look and Position triggers
	Chat triggers
	Damage trigger
	Air drop
	Can spawn cars and animals
	Can teleport around and place very specific items/crates
		Could even do this off of a trigger (like they pick up an item)
	Can try to attack players
	Cannot give exp (only to self client)
	Can enable/disable weather survival
	Cannot spawn supply crates (client only)
	Cannot control weather (client only?)
	Can check proximity to players and zombies and numbers
	Can make player thirsty or starve
	Cannot see player temp or buffs?
	Can use the web client or own data to check players on map, etc
	Can watch for spawns, and spawn near to take advantage of AI director stuffs
	Can change MOTD after player deaths and such

	Can store Admin NPC choices
	Can teleport admin to specific areas to roleplay
		Can show notes to the admin to help with remembering character
	Can possibly point out areas
	Can keep track of health for npcs and dead/alive

	Can make items and check for them

	Should be able to heal/damage to specifc amounts with some math and a binary search using buffs and power of two amounts

	Need to store data provided by players
		With a way to edit/clear
		Simple and tied to steamid or character
	Need to have easy capability to store some global data for quests and stuff
	Can I hint at location with air drops or something?
	
	Can make teleporters
		Maybe with instructions on how to link them? (console)
			Actually might only be able to do this with something like a car or landblocks
	Can have variables such as my own exp and use it as currency
	Jail
		Mellee weapon with buff that causes jail
		Kill in holding room to remove equipment
		Disable tele and stuff?
		'Protect' holding area
	Can teleport players out of areas
		
NEWDO
	AFK Feature
		Uses playerUpdate_thread
		Set automatically if player doesn't move at all
		Set by command
		If player moves(turns if zombie hits screw this up), turn off afk
		If player if damaged, and AFK, kick them for their own safety
	Respond to disconnect events?
	Periodically save world?
	Item and location based quests?
	Define triggers in game? (corners for box?)
	Look/Gaze based triggers can be made with position/rotation data
	
	Global hash map?
		Threads could use this for accessing data?
			Locks?
IDEAS
	Item carrying effects
		Periodic check of special items in inventory
	Inventory spots could be reserved for special use
		Input of a number
		Input of a type (what type of object)
		Shop?
		Crafting?
			


TODO
	Timers!
		Usefull for any threads to do timery things

Done
	Don't use a switch
		Use a list of regexps that get itterated through on a newline event
		/This was implemented as triggers/

Discarded
	State Machine
		Use map of states
		/Used triggers instead/
